Doc fix forfederated user scope issuance (#2436)
wso2/docs-is: en/docs/learn/configuring-local-and-outbound-authentication-for-a-service-provider.md

    -   **Assert identity using mapped local subject identifier** :
        Select this to use the local subject identifier when asserting
        the identity.
        
        !!! note

>             It is mandatory to enable above option to authorise scopes for provisioned 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
            It is mandatory to enable the above option to authorize scopes for provisioned 
```
